Warn on unknown keys in config (instead of error) (#4386)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/snfoundry-toml.md

All fields are optional and do not have to be provided. In case a field is not defined in a manifest file, it must be provided in CLI when executing a relevant `sncast` command.
Profiles allow you to define different sets of configurations for various environments or use cases. For more details, see the [profiles explanation](../projects/configuration.md).

> 📝 **Tip**
> 

> > If this `sncast` version does not recognize a key, this key will be ignored with a warning:

Reviewer: nit: what does "`this sncast`" refer to in this context? Can we rewrite it? 

Mayby something like this?
```suggestion
> Keys unrecognized by the current sncast version are ignored with a warning:
```

Or even shorter without `current`: 
```suggestion
 If sncast does not recognize a key, it will be ignored with a warning:
```

Author: rewritten, i kept the "currently used" to keep it clear

> ```toml
> [sncast.myprofile]
> unknown-key = "some value"
> ```

> > To avoid these warnings, use latest `sncast` version and update your config to the latest format.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
> To avoid these warnings, use the latest `sncast` version and update your config to the latest format.
```
